README.md, before:

This is a Maker's academy pairing challenge - Bookmarks manager

https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/bookmark_manager/00_challenge_map.md#challenges


USER STORIES

-- As a user,
   so i can see my stored bookmarks,
   i want to view my bookmarks as a list

-- As a user,
   so i can store my bookmarks,
   i want to add a bookmark to my list

-- As a user,
   so i can change my list,
   i want to delete a bookmark from my list

-- As a user,
   so i can keep my list up to date,
   i want to update a bookmark

-- As a user,
   so that i can add information,
   i want to comment on a bookmark

-- As a user,
   so i can organise my bookmarks,
   i want to tag a bookmark into categories

-- As a user,
   so my bookmarks are easily found,
   i want to filter by tag

-- As a user,
   so that my bookmarks are private,
   i want to be the only one with access to my bookmarks

-- MODEL LAYER --

Class        Methods
USER      >> ID/Name
BOOKMARKS >> List, Add, delete, update, comment, category tag,
             filter by tag, restrict to user

-- DOMAIN MODEL --

Commit message:

added psql info to readme.md

README.md, after:

This is a Maker's academy pairing challenge - Bookmarks manager

https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/bookmark_manager/00_challenge_map.md#challenges

POSTGRES INSTRUCTIONS FOR DATABASE(Table)
 1. Connect to psql (brew services start postgresql)
 2. Create the database using the psql command CREATE DATABASE bookmark_manager;
    (CREATE DATABASE bookmark_manager;)
 3. Connect to the database using the pqsl command \c bookmark_manager;
 4. Run the query we have saved in the file 01_create_bookmarks_table.sql

USER STORIES

-- As a user,
   so i can see my stored bookmarks,
   i want to view my bookmarks as a list

-- As a user,
   so i can store my bookmarks,
   i want to add a bookmark to my list

-- As a user,
   so i can change my list,
   i want to delete a bookmark from my list

-- As a user,
   so i can keep my list up to date,
   i want to update a bookmark

-- As a user,
   so that i can add information,
   i want to comment on a bookmark

-- As a user,
   so i can organise my bookmarks,
   i want to tag a bookmark into categories

-- As a user,
   so my bookmarks are easily found,
   i want to filter by tag

-- As a user,
   so that my bookmarks are private,
   i want to be the only one with access to my bookmarks

-- MODEL LAYER --

Class        Methods
USER      >> ID/Name
BOOKMARKS >> List, Add, delete, update, comment, category tag,
             filter by tag, restrict to user

-- DOMAIN MODEL --
